1.Introduced:
Thank you for allowing me to introduce myself. My name is Ishita and I am from Gwalior Madhya Pradesh. I am pursuing my bachelor of technology with the CSE branch from Vitm .First of all, I want to introduce myself with my soft skills. I am optimistic, smart, self-confident, hardworking , punctunal , and have a positive mindset. My technical skills include proficiency in python , django and pandas and numpy. Also, I have a good command of mysql and  mongodb.
My interests include dancing, chess, and listening to music.
thats all about myself.
2.Strength:
My time management skills are exceptional, and I'm well-organized, efficient, and systematic. I enjoy excelling at my job. as well as i have a one more quality that is punctunility.
11.weakness:
I think I’m not handling stress appropriately. I tend to get overworked and burnt out as a consequence. I used to keep quiet about this until a bad period is over, but I noticed the same pattern over and over again. So I decided to change it. Now, I tend to be more open about my work and feelings, and I take breaks regularly. If I feel like I’m too stressed out, i  decide to go outiside.
 3. why you interested for this job.
It's an honor and a privilege to work for an established company like yours. As I researched the job opening you have, I realized that my abilities align with your requirements. Through this job, I can showcase my technical skills to help the company's development.
4. Would you like to work overtime or odd hours?
I understand that putting extra effort impacts the company's development, so I'm happy. If it means I'm contributing to the company, I'll be glad to contribute.
5. why you targeting for this jobs?
I have applied for this vacancy because it is an excellent match for my skills and experience. This role is exactly the sort of role I am currently targeting, and I am confident I will be able to make a major contribution.
6. why should be hire you?
I believe that everyone starts with a beginning, I need a platform to prove my abilities and skills. I think your company is the right place to explore my abilities. I need to be a part of your growth. I will do my level best.
or As I'm a fresher, I'll be passionate about my work, and if given a chance I'll be ready to expose myself into different sectors of work into the industry, and would be faithful to the company always."
7. salary expect
As of now, I haven't thought much about it. I am more focused on learning the requirements for this position that I am applying for.
8.Assume you are hired, then how long would you expect to work for us?
"I will do my best for the growth of your company as long as I have the career growth, job satisfaction, respect and a healthy environment, then I don't need to change my company."
9. How would you rate yourself on a scale of 1 to 10.
 I will rate myself 8 out of 10 because I would never like to think that there should be a room left for putting in more efforts. That thought will create an interest in learning the things. Thank you very much for giving me this wonderful opportunity.
10. How do you handle stress, pressure, and anxiety?
I believe in working in a planned way and finishing my work regularly. I always react to situations, rather than to stress. In this way, I handle the situation and don't take the stress.
